script  - 3 
Hello, welcome to the adventure in turtle-land with me. My name is Miss Turtle, and I’ll be your guide on your way out. It’s nice to e-meet you and hope we’ll have a fun time together! 
The whole adventure would take no more than 10 minutes and all you have to do is follow my instruction. If you have any questions, please don’t be afraid to ask. We may not meet each other in person, but I guarantee you that I know what I’m doing here and I’m trying to offer all the help you need. Are you ready? Let’s get it! 
Before you joined me, I’ve asked the crystal ball what is your lucky number on this adventure, and the answer I received is []
So please click on the number [] below. 

Alright, now we are here at the beginning of the Scavenger hunt. 
on this page, you could see 6 boxes,right? Each box here means a task that you should complete. As you can see, there’s no instruction written on the page, so I’ll be the guide here and I’ll make sure you know enough to finish the whole adventure. 
Take a deep breath, and we’ll start, 

Do you see the button with number 1 written on it? Good, please click on the button once.  No? It’s on the top left of the page. Now did you see it? 
Now that you found our first question here, please put your answer to the given question in the text line and once you finish, please click on Submit my answer below. 

how’s the weather? Yea I totally feel Illinois has weird weather! It was literally below 0 celsius last week and now it’s like summer! Come on man! 

Okay! now we completed our first task! how’s that feel! Moving on to the second one! I’ll need some help here! Do you see the button with 2 on it? Good, do you see the text field above that button? Great! So i’ll need you to complete my sentence with me and only type your part of the sentence to the box in all capital letters!, is that clear? Good! Now my sentence is “I-L-L”. 
what’s your sentence? 
you are not illini if you fail this one friend! i'll laugh at you if you really don't know! :) 
If you finish typing, please click the 2 button. 

Great! Now we are done with our second task! Let’s move on to the third! Do you see the button with 3 written on it? good! Please select the number 20 from the dropdown menu and once you select 20, please click the button with 3 on it! 
hmmmm why 20? What does 20 mean here? you might be wondering but to be honest i don't have the answer! I just got it from the fairytale god! 
Do you click the button? Great! we are halfway done! i hope you are still enjoying it so far! 

Now let’s move on to the 4’s task. Do you see the two check  boxes above the button with a 4 written on it? Good! Now I want you to select both boxes! And ohh wait! please unselect the bottom one please! Great! once you have the top one checked and the bottom one unchecked, please click on the button with 4 written on it! 

nice! good job! we are almost done! now let’s do the fifth task! please click on the button with 5 written on it! Since you’ve been with the quad for a while and with our campus for a while, what do you think about our campus? you could say anything about any part of the campus, and please type your answer in the text field and click on submit my thought.
hahaha yea i know! it’s not the same without students here! 

yea! we are one more task to go! now that we’ve been through 5 tasks together and I want to give you a chance to get some sweetness! please enter your email to the text box above the button with 6 written on it. I’ll put your name in a raffle for home-made cookies! Once you are done with putting your email, please click the button with 6 on it! 

alright! we survived! you just completed all 6 tasks! congratulations!! I really enjoy working with you but it’s the time we say goodbye, so please take a deep breath and click the finish button and I hope you have a great time! Thank you so much and hopefully i'll see you again! 



